Sold
The Zodiac Villa that has been shelved for 10 years
This car sold for 5 billion
Do you really have 5 billion?
He really has 5 billion
Impossible, absolutely impossible
This scares you.
Hello
Mr. Li, right?
Oh, a 50 billion project.
Okay, wait for me.
I'll be there soon
Yeah, yeah
Brother Feng keeps his word
This Qinglong Villa is for you.
Brother Feng, you are so nice to me
Hey Feng
What about the other buildings?
Why isn't one building enough for you?
Enough, enough, of course enough
Brother Feng, you are so good to me
I don't know how to repay you
Customers successfully spent 5 billion yuan
Get 10 times cash back
50 billion
I should thank you.
Be a money tree haha
Oh, Mr. Lee
This is your purchase contract
Start Today
You are the diamond of Qisheng Real Estate
VIP customers please transfer first
I'll complete the remaining procedures for you.
ah
I didn't expect you to be so successful now.
So-so
Ahhh
Are you okay?